hello how about youtube friends in this
occasion we are in another tutorial of
refreshing and delicious drinks
this time we will make a cream of
whiskey type bailey and for this
we will occupy the following ingredients
we are going to need
condensed milk
whiskey evaporated milk
coffee
and vanilla
and the procedure is as follows
we will start by noticing the milk
evaporated
in a fret and the measurements will be two
cups
once we are pouring we are going to throw
our mixture half a cup of milk
condensed
once the condensed milk is poured
we will pour a tablespoon or half
vanilla spoonful
Once the vanilla is poured, let's
pour two tablespoons of coffee that is
half cope earth
we must be careful not to
invest him talk and a lot of coffee because if
not because it will lose the characteristic flavor
of this cream
and now vert we have what is a
whiskey glass
well and now very carefully with a
blender we will return all
ingredients
once we have stirred all the
ingredients and that we have noticed
that the coffee beans were good
dissolved is advisable to try our
drink whether it lacks more
sweetener or not that would be to your liking
also this drink can be saved in
a bottle or in a jar or you can
last us in the refrigerator
this is for its conservation as there
to our liking now they see it
we believe in our glasses to decorate it
and if they want it even colder in this
case then everything ingredients were
refrigerated and the temperature is fine
but if they want it colder add
ice
how can you cool the cup with the
earlier this can be seen in
previous tutorials
and good friends this is how we are left
our delicious and rich whiskey cream
really very refreshing for these
heat times do not forget about
visit our playlists
we have everything a little bit we have so much
recipes for cooking as for drinks and
good also interesting things too
do not forget to leave your comments to
work remember that these are very
important to us as well as not
forget to share this video with your
friends and with all your contacts
we hope in another video tutorial in this
channel see you bai